To Upload a Unit file you should have following:
1. Excel  file  must be in .csv format and file name should be
named  as  the  name  of  the  unit  like  [Kalidal Bn.csv]
Note: Please avoid using '()', '-', '.', or any other special
characters in the file name
2. Columns should be  ordered as (Columns are Case Sensitive):
    (a) Unit
    (b) CompNo
    (c) Rnk
    (d) Name
    (d) Phone
    (e) Email
    (f) Trade
    (g) Address
    (h) DOB
    (i) Sex
    (j) bloodgp
    (k) Remarks
Note: DOB is Date of  Birth,  and  it  should be in 2023-01-01
(yyyy-mm-dd) AD format.
3. You  should  have  at  least  one  row  completely  filled.
4. To upload a leave record of a unit,  select the unit on the
left Selection box before clicking on the  Upload/Update Leave
Record Button, otherwise you may try to upload data into other
unit which won't work.
5. Leave Record again should have .csv file and should include
following columns (The columns are case sensitive):
    (a) CompNo
    (b) LeaveDate
    (c) ReturnDate
Note: LeaveDate and ReturnDate should be in format same as DOB
6. There are basically two windows. One is Home Window and the
other one is User Info Window.
7. Home Window shows the leave record of the unit based on the
selection of unit on the left selection box.
8. There is a color coding in the display table.
    (a) Red refers that the  specific  person hadn't been on a
    leave for more than 90 days
    (b) Yellow refers that the  specific  person  recently came
    from home (less than 90 days)
    (c) Green refers that the specific  person is  currently on
    leave
9. You can record a leave  for  a specific person  by selecting
person from the table and selecting leave start day (in AD) and
no of days and pressing Record leave button.
10. You can  check  the  BMI,  and  maximum/minimum  limit  for
specific age group both for M/F.

11. In User info Window, if you are admin, you can add,  update,
delete user data from the table and also see two more  buttons,
Edit quote and see quotes. Other than admin, you have  no access
to delete the data.
12. You can add data  in  this  window.  You  must  enter  Unit,
Comp No, Rank, and  Name, other column however can remain empty.
You can also  upload person user pic on the right  side  of  the
window by clicking on the button on frame.
12. You can  find "SELECT UNIT" selection box on the down frame,
which shows   the  data  of  specific unit based  on  selection.
13. To  update  data  you  must  first select  the person in the
table, modify data in the above entry box and  then press update
button.
14. To  delete  a  data  you  first need to  select the data and
press delete button.
15. Clear Data button clears  all  the   data  in  the entry box.

